# VHDL Car-parking-system
This code defines a College Parking System that includes many features, such as: -Ultra-Sonic Range sensors for each of the 50 parking spaces -ID system for college students and staff -Ticket system for guests (including payment system) -Fire Sensor for emergencies -Vending machine When a car enters the parking garage, it is checked whether or not the car has a valid AAST ID or not. If they do, they pass through immediately. Otherwise, the car is assigned a ticket and the entry time is entered. When the car enters the parking garage, it can enter one of 50 parking spaces. The Ultra-Sonic range sensors detect the distance between the sensor and the car entering the parking space. If the distance between the sensor and the car is less than or equivalent to the minimum distance needed to consider that the car is parked. When the car is considered as parked by the Ultra-Sonic sensors, two operations occur. The first is the turning off of the LED of the parking spot that has been occupied by the parked car. The second is the decreasing of the number of free spots displayed by the 7-Segment display near the entrance of the parking garage. The Fire Sensor equipped in the parking garage detects the presence of high temperatures dangerous enough to cause any damage. If it detects the temperature is high enough, it alerts that a fire may combust. The parking garage also includes a vending machine which serves various options, including Coffee, Water, Hot Chocolate, and more. Simply press the button of the desired beverage, pay the written price, and receive the drink
